so in physics there's this concept that
every law is a microcosm of another law
and what that effectively means is that
for one law to hold true the laws of
another law must also remain constant so
in so they can't they can't negate each
other like every everything must be true
simultaneously therefore we should
extrapolate this to the world of selling
so if there's one law in the rule of
selling it must also remain constant and
the absolute truth in the presence of
other laws so at this particular point
if you don't know who I am name is
Daniel faio on client sension own own
Lis kit a bunch of other low ticket
products we make about $500,000 per
month have about 47 people on the team
and what I'm going to do today is try to
instill some laws I've come across upon
growing this small Enterprise of ours
and and I'm going to give you some
lessons on how to sell more of your
stuff so you can make more money right
and the first tier is the first law
is that the prospect only cares about
themselves right now this is very
interesting because if you rewind 30
seconds you need to take a note of what
I just did here so what I did was I I I
shared with you my credentials and I
told you why those credentials mean
something for you right it was it was
the implication of those so it was
effectively me saying I did this so you
can get this right it was the
implication people only care about what
they get you don't care what my
credentials are or what I have done in
my life you only care you only care
about how those affect you right which
is totally reasonable so what we need
what we need to be doing is what you
need you need to be doing is you you
need to be employing the same concept in
your own business so you can sell more
of your [__] right so I'm I'm going to
give you for instance of of of client
Ascension right so what does what does
client Ascension help people do is
client is a coaching program and we help
people build an automated cold email
system so that they can get more
business right we help them create a
Content system that takes less time and
gets more business right so content
system so you can spend less time and
get more business right this is the
implication This Is What You Get Right
help you close more sales calls so you
can make more Revenue right the
implication of you closing more calls is
so that you can make more Revenue right
helping you hire and systematize your
business so you can work less inside of
it right so like none of this means
anything unless there's an implication
of it right so I was on a call for our
list kit Enterprise users today because
we do some little coaching stuff for
them because we want them to get really
good results and there were three
advertising agencies on this call and
all of their headlines had nothing to do
with promising a specific transformation
for their prospects that they're trying
to sign as clients it it it was always
something like um the the the the best
marketing consultants in the industry
some [__] like that right and I needed
to explain to them like that's not
that's not a
transformation right nobody cares about
you they exclusively and only care about
themselves so what you need to be doing
in the headline is explaining
a specific benefit a specific value
proposition or a specific transformation
that they can get for instance how you
can
get 30 qualified calls in the next 30
days or you don't pay right that's a
very specific transformation and this is
not a suggestion I'm giving to you
because remember we're talking about
laws this is a law this must be
true right and it will remain true in
all of the following laws I about to
explain to you right so your action item
in this specific law is to take your
offer and transform it into something of
this pattern X happens so you can get y
right you being the prospect right now
next this is the second law you can only
charge money in direct proportion to
your social proof right so here's a
concept that that that you got to
understand people like to buy things
right and in in particular people like
to
gamble right but they they they like to
gamble when when it's very clear that
they're they can get a substantial
return right so what what does this mean
so someone comes to your website they
they read a cold email from you they
they they stumble upon your existence in
any capacity what they're going to do
what they're going to immediately do is
is form a little calculation in their
mind right it's going to be what are you
promising me like how big is the
promise multiplied by what do I think
the probability I actually get this is
right so it's literally like just an
equation it's the possible return
multiplied by the probability the
probability it happens that's the
calculation people are running in their
mind so what we're what we're trying to
do here is what what we're talking about
here is how do we increase both of those
variables because if it because the it's
multiplicative so if one goes up it's a
leveraged return you see what I mean so
you people derive the possible
return based off of the previous law we
spoke about right the promis
transformation and also the depth of
your case
studies right because your headline of
the website is promising a specific
return for somebody and then you have
social proof and case study
what was the return that other people
got those two variables make up the
variable the possible return in the
equation right now we have the other
variable which is the probability it
actually
happens right so the probability it
happens variable is derived from the
quantity of case studies you have right
now past
performance is not always an indicator
of future
performance but that doesn't that that
that doesn't flaw a human mind from
being being of the certainty that if you
have more case studies and testimonials
the probability is going to work is
substantially higher and and and you can
you can imagine this based off this
concept of a of a screwdriver so I had
to purchase a screwdriver one time right
so I go on Amazon and I'm looking at
screwdrivers right and there there was
one screwdriver it was like $6
it didn't have a lot of reviews it was
maybe like nine reviews or something and
then there was another screwdriver it
was like it was like $12 and there's
like 4,000 reviews
right I
bought the more expensive screwdriver
right and now this is interesting
because what could possibly go wrong
with the
screwdriver because all all I'm trying
to do is mitigate the loss like I want
to purchase the screwdriver for the
function of screwing things right it it
it couldn't be more simple of a
Contraption right like what could go
wrong with it but the power of the
social proof is so substantial that it
made me pay double the price for for a
loss or like a fault in a screwdriver
that I I I I I can't even conceive what
happened right this is why this is why
if like you're a beginner and like even
if you're asking to work for free for
some people people don't take you up on
the offer right because there's zero
reviews like it like like the offer is
the the the whole the whole idea of
working with you when you have zero
clients is in fact so bad that people
wouldn't even pay0 to do it like it's
that substantial like this is how much
this matters
right which brings you to the next
logical question well Daniel what do I
do if I don't have a bunch of case
studies which brings us to law number
three which states that if you don't
have case studies you must have a risk
reversal you must this is a
non-negotiable this is not something to
debate upon you must have this right
so social proof as we just previous ly
spoke about is the most important
variable in fact it probably takes up
roughly
80% of if somebody is going to purchase
your stuff or not is the social proof
that it it's that substantial of a
variable right now therefore if you
don't have that 80% of the equation you
can only operate in the 20% so half of
the 20% so 10% of the equation is the
promise transformation you're promising
somebody and then the next 10% is the
risk reversal like you need to imag what
a risk reversal is by the by the quite
literal sense of somebody saying okay
you're promising me this what if it
doesn't happen that's the risk reversal
right there are two kinds of risk
reversals there's you work on a
performance basis where you only get
paid after the transformation or the
result occurs for the clients or a money
back guarantee where you get paid
upfront first and if the result isn't
doesn't occur you have to refund them
typically I recommend people to do a
performance basis
because it's actually it's it's less
risk for the
client and if you happen to be
substantially good at what you do and
drive a like an a massive amount of
business you can you can make good money
right
now here's the
thing you want to you want to have case
studies you want to do performance basis
until you have case studies right don't
stay underperform perance based offer
forever now I'm going to get into this
in law five but in order for you to
understand it effectively you must first
know law number four which is transfer
away the logistical intensity right so
first we need to we we need to Define
what logistical intensity means if you
if you sign a client you must fulfill
for the client like the like the work
the raw labor for them to get the result
must occur and it's either you doing it
or it's them doing it right so in the
beginning because you have no leverage
you must do most of the work now the
problem when you start having 30 clients
or 100 clients that's a [__] ton of work
right now what that means is that you
can't scale as fast as you can generate
Demand right it's hard you you have to
hire a bunch of people you have to deal
with those forms of of of variables and
this is exactly why
you see someone start an
agency and then they start a course or a
coaching
program and then they start a software
company why because it's transferring
away the logistical intensity from
themselves and putting it back onto the
client or the customer do you see what I
mean by this if you start an agency it
couldn't be any more logistically
intense it's the most logistically
intense service business that you could
ever run
ever
then you start to make coaches Co
coaching programs and
courses using the case studies and the
credentials and the expertise acquired
from running the agency in the first
place and why why have you ever have you
ever asked yourself why do people do
that and the answer is because they're
transferring away the logistical
intensity it's easier to scale it it's
that simple right and then you also
somebody who runs up a a coaching
program or a bunch of courses they start
to make a software company because
that's even more that's transferring
even more logistical intensity away you
see what it's it's it there's a lot of
billion dollar software companies there
are zero billion dollar agencies maybe a
couple right you you see how this makes
sense and and you might ask yourself and
this this is always interesting to me
people people say things is
like yeah yeah all these people making
a quit their agency and make the
coaching and in the coures I'm like
that's the the [__] correct thing to
do like it's it's it is the
economically correct thing to do it's so
funny if if if you have the credentials
and somebody asks to pay you for
coaching or asks to buy a course from
you [__] sell it to them
like like people I I've been asked
sometimes like why do you have courses
and why do you have a coaching program
I'm like because people buy it like I
like I obviously wouldn't have one if
people didn't [__] purchase it like
it's that simple right like so if people
want to buy it from you sell it to them
like what are you doing right so
now as you acquire social proof you need
to begin shifting parts of the work away
from yourself to the client right now
this is actually Spectrum it's not just
like agency and then like it it just is
coaching you can you can operate on it's
very sliding Spectrum right like hybrid
offers and [__] right so let me give you
for instance it's it is easier to get a
full service performance-based done for
you
agency from 0 to 20K per
month but it's easier to get a product D
service where most of the labor is
executed by the client from 20K to 100K
a
month the more logistical
intensity that you hold as the seller
that you will do the more of the work
you will do the easier it is to start
but the harder it is to scale you see
what I mean this is why making a
software company is so hard to
start
right it's to take a software company
from 0 to 10K a month requires an
absolutely substantial amount of
expertise in terms of just development
and like the sales process for it so so
it's the easiest to scale but it's the
hardest to start in agency is the
easiest to start but the hardest to
scale and a coaching program and courses
are in the center see what I mean this
how this works it's a sliding Spectrum
so now
the next law law number five is to
transfer away Financial
variability right so I'm going to throw
these in two buckets you you have
retainers or
subscriptions or you have
performance-based
pricing right there's the two ends of
the
spectrum right everybody thinks they
want to go to performance-based
pricing after they get one really good
client
Cent like let's let's say you let's say
let's say you had like a retainer client
they're paying you like $3,000 a month
and then like one month you happen to
make I'm like a $100,000 or damn if I
just had a 10% performance fee on that I
would have made 10,000 instead of three
which is a totally reasonable thing to
be thinking right so now what happens in
during this situation you're like like
that that hurts you so internally you're
like you know what I'm I'm what I'm
going to do I'm I'm doing performance
base now the problem is
that by by allowing yourself into this
thought chain you forgot about the nine
other clients you worked with who made Z
not not even always from your own fault
but due to the raw nature that nine out
of 10 people have a dog [__] business in
the first place that's just impossible
to get results for just due to the Raw
infrastru structural nature of of of
their company and and and and their own
incapability to run anything
efficiently you see what I mean so like
for instance do do you know how in this
video I'm explaining like laws to you
like this must happen for you to sell
right and like the first one was about a
promised transformation the next was
social proof the next was having a risk
reversal now the what you got to
understand is
that I'm I'm giving you advice for your
company right
now it also applies to your
clients
however if you if you haven't worked
with a substantial amount of clients
it's hard for you to conceptualize this
like what will happen typically if
you're a beginner if you haven't worked
with a lot of people you'll see like
some company oh this is like a nice
website that must be really big or they
have 30 employees and they must
be this is how this
works if they don't have a promised
transformation case studies and a risk
reversal it's a dog [__] business like
it just [__] is it's a
law so the problem is that you found the
one out of 10 client who happened to
have the promised transformation the
case studies and the risk reversal you
got them a [__] ton of results because
they followed the
laws but you forgot about the nine other
people who you worked with who didn't
get results because their business sucks
now what would have
happened if
you were charging performance bases
while you were working with those nine
clients you would have been evicted for
your house and starved because you made
Z because they have a dog [__]
business so what happens at
scale is you just you you cannot
escape the dog [__] clients like you you
can't escape that right and and when you
tell someone to put a promised
transformation case studies in a risk
reversal and and and and you
can you can tell them to do this a
million times but they're still going to
drag their
feet the problem with this is that if
you're a performance
basis you make zero [__] dollars
while they're dragging their feet
because they're not following the
laws
so in order for you to
scale you have to transfer away the
financial variability what I mean by
that is as you get get the case studies
you start on a performance basis that's
step one then you get case studies then
you go to
retainer now I have
had close to a thousand people come
through client Ascension agencies B2B
companies consultants and I see their
offers like I like I see what I see the
FI I see the financial state of their
business I know exactly what's happening
in these [__] and here's what
happens when you do this right you start
a performance basis and you're going to
get stuck at like 20K a month right
might take you like some people would
take like a year to get there some
people think like [__] four months
right now you will be stuck there until
you charge a
retainer here's the thing you got to
understand if you're
charging a a Performance Based like a
revenue share this is this is what I'm
referring to when I'm saying Performance
Based it's Revenue
share you let's say you're generating
the leads for them but you have like no
say over over the sales ability you have
no say over the production of case
studies and the client success right
like and and the the revenue of the
company depends upon the client success
and the sales team but you have no sales
over that and your compensation is tied
to
it you might as well be an equity holder
in the
business the problem is you can't be an
equity holder in 30 businesses like well
you can't you CU it's like 30
jobs it's stupid it it doesn't work it
it doesn't and now what happens is you
can get these performance-based things
up to
like 100k a month and then like you you
start to hate yourself cuz you work like
16 hours a day now I want to give you a
caveat on this cuz sometimes it is
better to be performance- basis but it's
only for a very particular kind of
person
right it's you should only charge
performance basis if you have access to
the best possible
client now here's a little trick for you
you are not going to get access to the
best possible clients with cold email
it's not happening they're going to come
through a
referral you're going to meet them
somewhere because you're networking in
the industry this is how this happens
like I talked about this in a previous
video like a guy like Jeremy Haynes
Jeremy Haynes runs a performance-based
advertising agency right Jeremy Haynes
probably rejects 99% of the people who
want want to work with this agency the
reason he can do that is because he
knows what a good business looks like
and his credentials are so profoundly
massive that the Magnificent businesses
will actually entertain working with him
in the first place but you like you you
haven't even been doing this for like
three years they're not even going to
entertain the concept of working with
you like you you're just not even
remotely on the
level of what they're interested in
but if you are somebody with
substantially massive credentials then
you can do that that's
fine
because like you're going to have to
reject 99% of people if you're going to
operate on a revenue share like this is
this if you know what you're doing you
can do it but the the the problem is a
lot of people who don't know what
they're doing think they know what
they're doing so like just just just if
you if you not sure where you stand just
listen to me you start at a performance
basis until you're about like 10 to 20 a
month you when you get the case studies
you go into retainer just follow that if
you're prob 99.9% of you watching this
aren't aren't a Jeremy hannes right
so I wrote an email about these Five
Laws today it was on my email list and
you can join the email list where I send
very good emails at client essential.com
the link is in the description what you
should also do is go watch this video
right here and that's it for me today I
love you goodbye